. . . just sum up the whole article.
Got it.
I find the answers in all that.
It’s more than just the answers.
I’m with it; I’m all about study.
Which do you
remember more from our studies,
the answers or the things
that touch your heart?
Mm.
Yeah, like,
when we talked about immorality,
you knew the answer,
but you didn’t seem totally convinced
in here.
Let’s try and find that answer.
Chapter 6?
Mm-hm.
“But whoever practices sexual immorality
is sinning against his own body.”
I’m not sure why,
but it made me think of Mum and Dad
(his constant cheating, actually),
Mum’s humiliation,
the divorce, all the misery.
I didn’t want that.
I began to realize
how right Jehovah is
because of what Neeta
called meditation.
It’s not about clearing your mind
to find inner peace;
it’s totally different.
It’s asking how Jehovah
feels about something
and then asking
what that means for me.